Hello my friends, welcome to the newest SJ Weekly. I feel like I owe you an explanation.
I took up this project, the whole SJ Weekly's thing, because primarily I wanted to get something
out on the channel regularly. At least one video a week, because these happen every Sunday,
and I've kept that so far. Through sickness and famine I've kept to it. But you'll probably
notice that the last video that I put up, not counting this current SJ Weekly, was
last week's SJ Weekly. I was hoping that I'd be able to get at least one video out a week to
break up the SJ Weekly's, whether it be a dumping with Scrump, or a dissecting a degenerate,
or something. Something that'll break up the two of them, so you'd at least get two videos a week.
I think that's a fair upload schedule, two videos a week for this channel.
And I haven't been able to do it. Not this week anyway. In the last episode I talked about making
the Alex Jones video. But as it turns out, as I was writing it, and as I was recording it,
and then as I found more stuff and more things happened, and I re-recorded parts of it,
it became a much bigger video. The scope increased by a fair amount. It's now called
the anti-social media, and it's basically a complete expose of all of the things that
social media does wrong. And there is quite a bit of it. There's a lot to go over. Alex Jones
might have been the catalyst, but it certainly wasn't the beginning, and it certainly isn't the
end. So I think this is actually a very important video that I definitely want to get right.
I'd say I'm about two-thirds done it, and you'll probably see it in the middle of the week. And
people have been asking about the next dumping with Scrump. Actually, I'm probably going to be
recording it right after I'm done this, unless Scrump is off fucking traps or something.
I'll be doing it this afternoon, so you'll probably see that a day or two after anti-social
media. So content's coming, guys. Thank you for being patient. Oh, and of course, we have to start
the morning off, even though it's now 12 12 pm. I woke up late today. We have to start the morning
off with the coffee. It's good stuff today. I left the spoon in this time. There's a guy who
wanted a coffee with a spoon in the mug. There it is. There's my spoon. So today, the coffee is with
spoon. But let's get to the nonsense. To kick things off, here's an article that I had saved
up. Like the Alex Jones video and anti-social media that it would eventually morph into,
I ended up not using it in the video because it just didn't really fit, because this is more of a
social media success story. And let's read it. MySpace Tom beat Facebook in the long run.
Wouldn't you rather be a rich nobody than whatever Mark Zuckerberg is? And I guess the honest truth
is yes. I mean, nobody cares about MySpace anymore, and nobody knows who runs MySpace.
But he just, I assume, you know, based on him being called a rich nobody, I assume he paid out,
he got his money, and he just kind of fucked off and now enjoys his life privately. That is the
ideal, isn't it? My MySpace profile was abandoned when, at the ripe age of 18, I decided it was just
a little too juvenile. The glittering gifts affixed to every page, the garish custom designs,
the pressure on maintaining your top eight. By 2006, Facebook offered a cleaner social experience.
By 2009, Twitter offered a more casual one. MySpace was a complete relic by this point,
even though only a few years had passed since its launch. I do have a fondness for, you know,
that old Web 1.0 glittery gif era of the internet. It was very basic and very ugly, but sometimes you
can go back and find old pages that still look like that, and it, uh, sometimes it really brings
back some old memories that are, that are at least decent ones. And hey, I don't know if you
guys know this, but if you go back and watch, like, the very beginning of the, the Marvel
Cinematic Universe, the, I think the first Iron Man film was the beginning, right? Iron Man 1.
When Tony Stark's in the vehicle with, with the soldiers and the, and the soldiers, like,
taking selfies with him with his phone, Tony Stark actually says, don't put this on your
MySpace profile because at that point, strangely enough, MySpace was bigger than Facebook. It's
kind of a weird blast of the past. If you ever go back and watch the entire Marvel Cinematic
Universe in order one day, you'll notice some strange things back there. Back in 2005, long
before MySpace burned out, its founder, Tom Anderson, sold the site for $580 million to
Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation. While his site was becoming a punchline during the rise of
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and the other social media networks we now use every day, Anderson
disappeared entirely from the tech scene. Now he travels the world, documenting his visits to
exotic locations. Sounds like he did good for himself. He knew exactly when it was right to
cash out. Contrast that with what's currently happening to Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg,
who's on day two of being grilled by a Senate committee for Facebook's role in haphazardly
collecting all of our personal data and possibly swinging the 2016 presidential election towards
Donald Trump. What was supposed to be a basic networking tool has now become one of the chief
mediators of how people interact with each other and the world around them, and how information is
absorbed and disseminated on the internet. It's now apparent that Facebook and Zuckerberg didn't
really consider any of this when aggressively pursuing growth, and now we're all screwed as
we try to untangle the consequences. I actually have a lot to say on this topic in my upcoming
video, and you'll have to wait to see it then. However, I will say this. Despite Facebook's
obviously left-leaning slant, they did have a major role in swinging the election towards
Donald Trump. I think there's enough evidence to show that, and also there's enough evidence to
show that Facebook has no moral compass aside from growing itself. And I have... you'll have to see
the video. You'll have to watch it. MySpace Tom, his most recent Instagram post from seven days ago,
is a giveaway for a stay at an Iceland hotel. He doesn't have to issue any terse statements about
his company's commitment to foistering a healthy society. He doesn't have to sit on a booster seat
for seven hours and take dipshit questions from a procession of Senate ghouls. He isn't worth as
much money as Zuckerberg, of course, but unless you're an oil baron, 580 million is enough to
tide you over for the length of your lifetime, and your children's lifetime, and your children's
children's lifetime, and so on, even after taxes. And yes, being that rich is good for nobody,
but without getting into an argument about the perils of capitalism, we can agree that,
personally speaking, Anderson is having a much better go of things. Yeah, I'd say so too. And
it's not even because he cashed out, though cashing out was obviously the right thing to do,
it's because Zuckerberg either didn't have a dream or a goal or a passion to begin with,
or it was the wrong passion, it was like a one that served some kind of evil purpose,
or he lost sight of it. In any case, Zuckerberg is now literally the alien that everyone thinks he
is. But speaking of people not understanding the situation that they're in, someone vandalized
Burnaby's rainbow crosswalk. Hold on, read the tagline here. Someone painted a green question
mark and a cloud on Burnaby's first rainbow crosswalk overnight. The crosswalk was installed
Thursday by the city of Burnaby in anticipation of Burnaby Pride event on Saturday. Now,
I don't know if this is a cloud, guys. I don't know if you recognize the symbol here.
While the crosswalk will be repaired in time for tomorrow's Pride Street party,
McGowan said the vandalism is a good reminder of the work that still needs to be done to ensure
the LGBTQ2S Plus community feels welcome and safe in Burnaby.
Okay, this is an example of the internet leaking into real life,
and I think this is not a slur. This is not like some kind of anti-gay individual spray painting
something like an obvious anti-gay slogan or slur or image. This was a fucking meme,
and you got memed on. But speaking of ridiculous things leaking over into reality, Millennial
Couple bikes near ISIS territory thinking humans are kind and gets killed. Evil is a make believe
concept we've invented to deal with the complexities of fellow humans. An idealistic
young American couple was killed in an Islamic State claimed terrorist attack last month while
on a cycling trip around the world. I mean, obviously you have to be sad because people died,
but there has to be some kind of Darwin Award situation involved in this, right? Like you can't
simply think that all humans are the same, everyone's just fine, and that you can just go out
into the world with like waving a flag of peace and then someone's not going to eventually come
and kill you. It's a ridiculous notion. I mean, these two, as sad as it is, they were complete
fucking idiots. And you know what? I actually agree with him there, you know?
I am actually able to catch more of those things and it's quite nice.
You read the papers and you're led to believe that the world is a big scary place.
People, the narrative goes, are not to be trusted. People are bad, people are evil. I don't buy it.
Evil is a make believe concept we've invented to deal with the complexities of fellow humans
holding values and beliefs and perspectives different than our own. By and large, humans
are kind. Self-interested sometimes, myopic sometimes, but kind. Generous and wonderful
and kind. That's all true. What is equally true is that sometimes humans will hold
values and beliefs and perspectives that require them to kill you. You know, kill the Kefir
wherever you find him. I'm sure there is obviously a good side to even the worst supporters of ISIS
because that is just the nature of humanity. But the good side isn't what you need to be
focused on. However, their dream trip came to a tragic and gruesome end when they got
to Tajikistan, a weak state with a known terrorist threat that shares a border with
Afghanistan, where ISIS and other terrorist groups are highly active. They were riding
their bikes through the country on July 29th when a car rammed them, according to CBS News.
Five men got out of the car and stabbed the couple to death along with two other cyclists,
one from Switzerland and the other from the Netherlands. Two days later,
ISIS released a video showing the same men sitting in front of the group's black flag.
They looked at the camera and vowed to kill disbelievers.
Some conservatives have framed the tragedy as a cautionary tale about not just the perils of
travel but also naivete in general. I mean, traveling generally isn't that dangerous,
of course it all depends on where you go, but yeah, being naive is very dangerous.
Some liberals, for their part, view Austin and Gahaganan as simply unfortunate. Experts on the
region told the Washington Post, Central Asia generally is fairly safe. Yeah, I don't fucking
buy that for one second. But speaking of the radical left having a very disconnected view
of reality, here's an article by Holly Brockwell of Gadjet. Men, women gamers are not trying to get
in your pants, they just want to play. And she wrote this for Metro UK, presumably because her
own outlet, Gadjet, is actually quite small right now. Now, I actually somewhat know Holly, she's
a friend of a friend, and I've learned, I haven't really spoken to her, but I've learned a lot
through this friend of a friend of what she's really like. And apparently she's actually not
an insane leftist, she just virtue signals a whole bunch, and she's in fact made a career on virtue
signaling. However, there have been some things where I would definitely have sided with her in
the past, like, she had to fight the NHS a lot over in the UK in order to get sterilized because
she doesn't want children, and I think that that is a travesty. Despite what you may think about
whether or not people should be having kids, I think we can all agree that people should have
the self-determination to control their life. And if she doesn't want kids, you may think that
that's a mistake, but that's her right. She may come to regret it, but that's her responsibility,
not anybody else's. She may not, she may know what she wants, and you know what? Once you're
of age, once you're 18, that's that. You know, make your own decisions and take responsibility
for those decisions. The government should not be stepping in to stop them. But that's just my
rant on sterilization. Let's actually get to Holly's article here. This week, prominent games
streamer Ninja stated that he won't game with women in case it causes problems in his marriage,
and female gamers everywhere rolled their eyes. Now, I reported on this last week,
if you remember. And I think what Holly's missing here is that it was never about
the other women, it was about what his community would think regarding him streaming with other
women. It was never about the woman. I mean, presumably he knows if he's going to cheat
on his wife or not, right? And presumably the woman would know if she's interested in him,
but it's not about them, it's about his community. He has a huge community, and internet communities
of that size are likely to just, you know, slap couples together and start shipping them,
whether or not it's actually true, and I think he just wanted to avoid that.
It was about public perception, not women. To be fair to Ninja, he does seem to know this,
but he's still wrong because his solution isn't to re-educate the men, it's to ban the women. One,
Ninja has no obligation to tell his fans what to think. And two, Ninja has no obligation to
have people on his stream that he doesn't want to have on his stream. And that's that. It's not
that he's banning the women, it's that he's banning everyone he fucking likes. I said this
last week, but just because he has a large platform does not mean that there's any kind
of moral imperative to push your politics or your point of view on it. This is particularly
disappointing because with his platform, Ninja is in a perfect position to make a real positive
difference to the still depressingly sexist world of Twitch streaming. You know what?
Maybe. But he is under no requirement to do so. He's there to stream games. He's not there to
change the world. He's not there to do what you think is morally correct. Can you imagine if
anyone came into your gaming group and was like, yo, you gotta add some women to this,
regardless of the dynamics of the group, regardless of the skill of the women involved,
regardless of any of these things that may actually destroy the gaming group,
whether it's Fortnite or any other kind of game or like a tabletop situation or whatever,
you just gotta add some women in there to make it 50-50 parity. You just have to.
And then you're just like, fuck your group up. That would be ridiculous, right? But Ninja is
the biggest Fortnite streamer in the world. He probably wants to have like a well polished team.
And I'm sure there are very good female Fortnite players out there, but he probably hasn't
encountered one that would outweigh the risks of having your entire community go apeshit on you.
All right. I don't think this is Ninja's fault here. If anything, like if you wanted to put
blame on somebody and I don't think anybody's to blame, but if you really wanted to blame somebody,
I think it's his community's fault. And even then you can't go to his community and be like,
re-educate yourself shitlords. Like it's not going to work like that. All right.
He does what he wants. His community does what they want. And that's that. Holly, you can't just
be people's moral nannies. I mean, you didn't want kids. So how come you're trying to mother
these people? And of course there are some, some really trite things in this article,
but in this case, it's pretty, it's pretty clear who can't see past the chromosomes. It's an Xbox,
not an XY box for goodness sake. Well, you know what? You know what? It's a game boy,
not a game girl. See, I can do it too. This is stupid. Let's move on.
New Westminster terrorist attack as driver crashes into cyclists outside parliament.
For some reason, my fucking ad blocker stopped working. I had ad block installed. It was right
up here. Now it's just, it's just not there anymore. Oops. The police have confirmed they
are treating the incident as a terrorist incident and the number of armed and unarmed police on the
streets of central London will be increased. Okay. So I think we've all heard about this
story before, right? There's some kind of truck of peace in the UK, ransom people over, maybe
someone gets stabbed, maybe someone gets shot, you know, just, just daily life in London right now.
And, and the police are treating it as a terrorist incident. That's how it should be,
but that's not the story that I'm covering. I'm covering this story. Trump tweets on London
terrorist attack as investigation gets underway. President Donald Trump on Tuesday again,
seized on what he called a terrorist attack in London to call for tougher anti-terror measures.
Even though the incident was still in the early stages of investigation, the police themselves
called it a fucking terrorist attack. This is not something you can attack Trump for. I think it's
really telling that CNN, rather than reporting on what happened in the terrorist attack,
rather than at the very least confirming that it was a terrorist attack because the police said it
was in fact being treated as a terrorist attack. This article was written and the article was
about how wrong it was of Trump to tweet like it was a terrorist attack and how wrong it was
for Trump to seize the opportunity and say, Oh, look at this latest terrorist attack in London.
We need to increase security. Scoring ideological points against Trump is more important to CNN
than reporting on a legit terrorist attack where people got killed. Don't forget that.
This is what CNN is now.